Clarify the monthly Basic resource benefit (#19602)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-basic.md

## Free vs. paid usage

> CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters scale based on your workload so that you will only pay for what you use beyond the free resources. Each non-contract CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} organization is given $15 of resource consumption (equivalent to 50 million [Request Units](#request-units) and 10 GiB of storage) for free each month. Every monthly billing cycle, this free monthly resource benefit can be spent across all CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters in an organization. The free usage appears as a $15 deduction on your monthly invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters scale based on your workload so that you will only pay for what you use beyond the free resources. Each pay-as-you-go CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} organization—those paying monthly by credit card or marketplace—is given $15 of resource consumption (equivalent to 50 million [Request Units](#request-units) and 10 GiB of storage) for free each month. Every monthly billing cycle, this free monthly resource benefit can be spent across all CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters in an organization. The free usage appears as a $15 deduction on your monthly invoice.
```

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Contract customers are not elegible for the free monthly resource benefit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with annual or multi-year contracts are not eligible for the free monthly resource benefit.
```
